docs: add doc for docker-run.sh environment variables (#225)
intel-retail/automated-self-checkout: docs_src/pipelinerun.md

sudo ./docker-run.sh --platform core --inputsrc <serial_number> --realsense_enabled --color-width 1920 --color-height 1080 --color-framerate 15 --ocr 5 CPU
```

### Environment variables

> When running docker-run.sh script, we support environment variables as input for container. [Here is a list of environment variables and how to apply](./environment_variables.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running docker-run.sh script, we support environment variables as input to containers. [Here is a list of environment variables and how to apply them](./environment_variables.md)
```
